FC-0068 docs: reference and how-tos reviewed by edunext 20 (#771)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/educators/references/communication/bulk_email.rst

.. note:: It is considered good practice to only send messages to active and
   engaged learners. For this reason, regardless of the recipient groups
   selected, the Open edX platform will only send email messages to learners in a course run who
   have logged in within the last 18 months. This helps reduce the risk of
   messages being marked as spam (or bouncing) and helps ensure the continued

>    delivery of bulk course email messages through Open edX's email providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   delivery of bulk course email messages through your instance's email providers.
```
